---
layout: md-article
pageName: Privacy Policy
summary: Data collection, processing and usage practices
---

Last updated: **December 10, 2018**

We ("Stellarity Software" or "Company") respect your privacy and are committed to protect it through our compliance with this policy.

#### 1. Terms and Scope
This policy covers all downloadable sofware products ("app", "addon", "plugin") and all public websites ("website") maintained by us. "You" means the end-user of our products, or the legal entity who is the licensee of our products, or the visitor of our public websites. By using any of those you agree to this Privacy Policy.

#### 2. Information We Collect When You Use Our Apps
**We do not collect any information via our apps**. Our apps do not transmit any data to us or to any third-party. Our apps store all data in the corresponding Atlassian server product. Passwords, private keys and any other sensitive information is stored in encrypted form. All stored data is located in your IT infrastructure. 

#### 3. Information We Collect When You Visit Our Website
When you visit our Website we may collect Technical Information about the computer, mobile device, or other device you use to visit the site (screen resolution, browser, operating system, date, time and etc). We may also use cookies, web beacons, tags, scripts, and other similar technologies in order to help us understand your visit to our Website.

We don’t collect any of your Personal Information, including your IP address (we use IP address anonymization). We are unable and not willing to identify individuals using the Website.

#### 4. Information You Provide When You Communicate with Us
If you send us an email, fill out a feedback form,  call us or choose to communicate with us in another way, we will collect the information necessary to respond to your request, feedback, or question. We will use and share information you provide to us only as described in this Privacy Policy.

When having problems or questions related to our apps, you may send us server log files, configuration files, database query results or other type of diagnostic information. Those are only used to analyze and solve your individual issue.

#### 5. Information Available to Us via Atlassian Marketplace
We have access to contact information such as name, email address, mailing address, and phone number, billing information such as billing address, sales statistics and other marketing-related information provided by Atlassian.

#### 6. Issue Tracker
We offer a publicly accessible issue tracker. You should be aware that any information you provide through the issue tracker - including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information - may be read, collected, and used by any member of the public who accesses the issue tracker. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you input into the issue tracker. To request removal of your information from the publicly accessible issue tracker operated by us, please contact us. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to and why.

#### 7. We Do Not Collect Sensitive Information
We will not ask for and do not collect – either directly or through third parties – sensitive information such as social security numbers, medical information, or financial information. Please do not provide this information to us through emails, feedback forms or in any other way.

#### 8. How We Use Information We Collect
We will use this information as aggregate data to help us maintain this site, e.g., to determine the number of visitors to different sections of our site, to ensure the site is working properly, and to help us make our site more accessible and useful.

#### 9. How Long We Keep Information
We may keep information that we collect for an unlimited period of time.

#### 10. Google Analytics
This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our Website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information on our behalf for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. 

We use Google Analytics only with IP anonymization enabled. This means that Google will truncate the IP address so it's impossible to identify the Website user personality.

 Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the [Google Analytics Terms of Use](http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html) and the [Google Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html).

You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser or by downloading and installing [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).

#### 11. Disclosure of Your Information
The collected information may be disclosed only if we are required to do so by law. We may display testimonials or corporate logos of satisfied customers. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial or logo you can contact us at anytime.

#### 12. Amendments
This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of our websites or our products after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. 

#### 13. Contact
Please contact us in any convenient way if you have any questions or concerns about this policy.